I sew models about to reach their 20th
movie which is freakin insane of course
you could be out there studying real
history you know learning about the
Mesopotamian era and stuff it since I'm
not lynda.com you know I'm just gonna
recap this fictional universe catch you
up on all the storylines that you need
to know get you caught up on all three
phases since there's always a lot of
time in between
and since waiting for the next Marvel
flick can give you anxiety and you start
missing all these characters that's why
you can always trust an Marvel Puzzle
quest to fill that void while you wait
not only are they the sponsor for this
video you know they're giving you this
recap right here but they're also
Marvel's only official match three
puzzle RPG for your phone you can click
that link down below and get this bad
boy for free that's right I'll hook you
up with the free apps you can get this
for your Android your iPhone Amazon
store steam if you still got room in
there and again zero six easy payments
of nothing you can create your own
custom team with Ironman Black Panther
ant-man pretty much everyone who has
movie and even Hawkeye puzzle quest is
over 150 characters so you can even play
as Deadpool and the x-men there's a
story mode and weekly events written by
actual Marvel writers tournaments and
even an alliance feature those of you
those of you who have friends out there
like I said not only is it free and easy
to play but if you click the link down
below you can join the LME alliance and
try to beat me but also get some free
tokens from the partners in crime vault
so you can like unlock characters such
as ant-man get a heads up on the game
and get a bunch of other extra stuff so
shout out to marvel puzzle quests are
sponsoring this franchise recap for
keeping you entertained on the go to the
next one because there's a lot of them
out there
let me explain so in the beginning God
created Adam and Eve but then like in a
completely other side there was these
six stones that appeared of course you
got rounds and you got planets and
elders and all these other crazy stuff
happening in space but I'm just gonna
fast-forward to the first avenger world
war 2 times are happening and we got
Steve Rogers becoming a super soldier
becoming Captain America and he just he
takes a super dive his best friend Bucky
eventually gets brainwashed after he too
takes a super dive and Hydra operative
with a red face loses as so as he gets
beamed up by Scotty moving a little bit
forward in 1949 Poppa Stark and Peggy
Carter who never got that dance from
Steve launch shield which right away
gets infiltrated by the bad guys at
Hydra that's like buying an iPhone
without Apple care and dropping it as
soon as you get out of the store these
news
Hydra orchestrated a bunch of stuff like
the Vietnam War Cuban Missile Crisis
they shot JFK and we even learned that
eventually they got Bucky in there to
ruin Tonya Harding's life there
everywhere the 60s and 70s is just a
whole era of people getting jiggy with
it and then having a bunch of these
superhero babies being born 80s and 90s
is all meant to set up future movies
like he got Peter Quill's mom dying of
cancer which is owned dead who's a
planet cause Bucky Bruce waning tody by
offing his parents when he was young
kill mongers dad being killed by his own
uncle causing him to seek vengeance it's
there's just a lot of orphans in the MCU
in 2005 is when you get Bruce Banner one
of the oh geez in my opinion becoming
the first superhero
he goes from nerdy scientists too angry
or Shrek but it's in 2010 when the first
iron man is supposed to take place as it
was retconned and nick fury's big week
the week we pretty much just recruits
all of the Avengers Tony Stark becomes
Iron Man publicly makes new friends felt
like an only child learning he's about
to have a sibling has to get along with
his new partners
no hard feelings Point Break you got a
mean swing there's Thor who starts off
as a super boring bro dude but after a
haircut will become your favorite his
parents were also liars he had to kill
his own sister whole planet gets
destroyed and his brother who's a super
villain and I'm pretty sure a heroin
addict tries to take over the world see
you so you kind of feel bad for the guy
The Hulk gets recast yeah huh and then
gets to like pick and choose when he can
use his powers that's my secret
I'm always a Steve Rogers gets the Walt
Disney treatment and he's been
cryogenically frozen and you know
besides supporting his buns in spandex
he's pretty much your grandpa who's
trying to fit in with the times
I understood that reference black widow
was that be a girl that everyone I mean
everyone tries to copy and Hawkeye is um
Mel Katniss but he's married to Linda
Carter Nelly so you know he still gets a
pass so now you got the team assembled
and the first person they fight is Loki
and they win then they'd have to fight
Tony's Terminator machine that he
created and they went they then fight
each other and they also win because in
his universe even when people die they
still come back in a snap by Phase three
they copy the sokovia accords from The
Incredibles which is meant to ban
superheroes all over the place
more superheroes pop out a man legally
named Doctor Strange
of course becomes a wizard who can
control time a teenager who's been
rebooted three times finally has a right
to hang out with the Avengers and get a
hot aunts you got the Avengers from
space appearing an entire
technologically advanced African country
people didn't even know about appearing
and Deadpool not yet but trust me one
day he's gonna break before long come in
because he done so far was when purple
Barney who's been binging the Left
Behind series it's super obsessed with
rapturing up half of the population and
he actually does that pulls a little
John and then poof now considering that
the superheroes who disappeared you know
they have upcoming movies I'm pretty
sure they won't just toss those
storylines to the TV shows to be
forgotten
like they've done in the past but
instead are just gonna introduce more
superheroes to appear out of nowhere to
save the day for Marvel where who are
literally called Captain Marvel thank
you guys for watching this video I know
that there's gonna be some people are
gonna say oh you missed this little
detail you missed this point right here
all this is more important all this is a
recap I'll tell you this right here
there's it there's a secret trick you
can do to get every single detail from
these Marvel movies right pretty much
you go out you rent you buy the movie
and then you press that play button of
course I got that mm video coming out
for the sequel so it'll definitely stay
tuned for that but if you like these
franchise recaps right there's a lot of
big franchise movies that are coming out
and I want to do these recap type of
videos covering all those films and
that's a big things of course to the
sponsor Marvel
Puzzle Quest you know you guys like the
show sharing commenting all that helps
but of course sponsors like this that
can hook you up with a free app just
click that link down below that helps
the channel especially because I want to
do more of these franchise recaps but at
the same time you know recapping a lot
of these movies boy those claims out
those claims come out of nowhere all the
time so sponsors like this help keep the
channel flow and you guys who watch all
the videos so don't forget to comment
like subscribe share all that good stuff
and I will assemble more videos